Ks5 6 copy change (#6973)
keystonejs/keystone: docs/pages/updates/keystone-5-vs-keystone-6-preview.mdx

# Keystone 5 vs 6, which should you use?

> !> Keystone 6 is now released for `general availability`, we recommend using Keystone 6 going forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!> If you're returning to this article from an earlier time, Keystone 6 has achieved a [`general availability`](#) release, and Keystone 5 is now in `maintenance` mode. We now recommend you using Keystone 6 for all new projects.
```

> ?> Updated July 22nd, 2021. See [Updates](/updates) for the latest improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
